in the ancient palace of the count viozzi a
the grand hotel is in romagna bathroom
turner to osio the noble palace is
returned to the splendor of the past
after a careful restoration he knew
preserve the harmonious characteristics
architectural
today the grand hotel terme roseo offers
a welcoming and comfortable environment
where the culture of hospitality and the
good food represent the best
tosco romagnola hotel tradition
the grand hotel catering service
rosy spas is particularly cared for and
full of inviting proposals
the grand hotel terme bath of
romagna is able to satisfy every
need of the guest in matters of
health wellness relaxation
in addition to regular treatments, the elegant
structure qualifies for the
refinement and refinement of the
opportunities related to the wonderful
thermal waters
in fact inside the grand hotel yes
find a spa facility
avant-garde that uses water
spa and that is comfortably
reachable from the individual rooms
large and extremely pleasant
thermal pool that has 46
whirlpools of various types a cot
with anatomical shape and hydromassage
widespread three gp for reflexology
rain footbed with chromotherapy swimming
upstream that idrobike
underwater music therapy waterfalls of
water relax area with glass ceiling
those who want to relax can rely on it
a team of doctors and beauticians who
treatment and synergy the treatment
best to combine with high quality
essential of the thermal waters yes
it's about real treatments
relaxing in the sulfur caves
hydromassages, massages and manipulations
vertebral reflexology osteopathy
shiatsu ayurveda foot massage
the grand hotel terme roseo offers the
possibility of romantic moments from
to live together
wrapped in the warmth of warm waters
thermal
to rediscover the pleasure of intimacy e
of pampering offers dinners by candlelight
candle and couple treatments
anti-stress bio-energetic massage
relax candle massage a vartan atlet
ment peeling to the body
particularly refined and pleasant i
mud nature based treatments
thermal vegetable oil natural hand age
precious essential oils and calama salt
mach proposed as a cosmetic remedy
natural for the skin
every tree as a living archetype
possesses exemplary qualities and attitudes
which constitute its spirit and which
we can integrate into our lives
and get in touch with ours
tree let his spirit
reach our senses and regenerate the
our body and our heart is now
possible thanks to a precious preparation
herbalist obtained from five different
extract the tree 's spirit
trees
face crystal massage
beauty source massage that
synergistically combines three worlds the touch
of the hand with the manual massage the
touch of the vegetable kingdom with use
touch of essential and natural oils
of the mineral kingdom carried out massage
with quartz rose quartz amethyst quartz
the rock crystal linen
all this and more offers the
grand hotel terme roseo joining to
treatments also a food and wine of
absolute quality with such a range of
menu for which anyone may wish
also follow a balanced diet
enjoying simple and natural products